End Goal:
A system that maps lakes, their islands, and lakefront property, while also
tracking data associated with lakefront property, such as basic governmental
information, and any attributes an organization needs. For the FOCW, these
attributes will consist of member/non-member, last donation, YCC work, etc.

When the user initially sets up an account, they'll be able to choose the area
they want to track. For the first usage, this area is the Cobbossee Watershed.
Once an area has been selected, a machine learning algorithm will automatically
outline all waterbodies and islands in the selected area. For now, this
algorithm is replaced by manually outlining the area. Once the area is outlined,
the polygons will be processed and stored into files for later usage.

After mapping the geographic features of the area, the system will then turn to
properties. Waterfront and water-access properties will be determined using a
distance algorithm to determine how far away a given property is from each
geographic feature. These properties can then be mapped using their coordinates.

Once waterfront and water-access properties have been determined, the system
will then attempt to pull information from local and federal government
databases to fill basic information about the properties. Some examples of this
information include:
- Current owner name(s)
- Preferred billing address(es) for owner(s)
- Estimated value of property
- Property tax
- Front image of property
- Aerial image of property
- Image(s) of owner(s) (this might need to be pulled from elsewhere)

When this basic information about the properties has been collected, the system
will then pull more advanced information from the user's own databases. For the
FOCW, examples of this information include:
- Member or non-member
- Email associated with property
- Date(s) and amount(s) of previous donation(s)
- YCC work done at this site?

Once all of this data has been collected and sorted, the program will have
created its own database containing all the above information. This data can
then be viewed, edited, mapped, and sorted. The main feature of the system
that differentiates it from other data management systems is the mapping
feature, which creates a large Google-Earth-like map in which the user can see
all their data, or pick and choose which data to view. Each property can be
clicked on in the map to view more information about it. Data can
additionally be mapped or exported to Excel files with advanced specificity, ex.
"pull all waterfront properties on Cobbossee Lake who are non-members".
